
Personally, I prefer Option B, And I have 2 typical reasons and 2 personal idea about this issue.
my personal issue can be different from idea of majority
.
There is important 2 points that buyer ask and  things that I personally count.

2 Things that buyer ask is that
    1) it should be real time data
    2) buyer want to use this data to consult about insurance.

So Here is typical reasons for this ask.

    1) it should be real time data.
        Actually,this information can have different meaning depending on how many employee they have.
        and How many orders comes to this restaurant, how much traffic their server can handle.
        This can be various, and there can be so many different cases, so I just assume that it is usual
        restaurant which has not too much orders or not so small orders.
        So if it is usual restaurant, I think size of GPS data doesn't matter to handle in real time.
        the things that server should do is that collecting and saving GPS data and sending routing information to each
        client app. I think server based on one personal computer can handle at least 200 client app which want to get routing data.
        So, considering budget, I think real time thing can not be a problem.

    2) Data for insurance.
        Data for insurance can include data like, speeding in each location employee drive, or where they get accident.
        which road they usually use, So all this data from GPS data should be saved in server computer.
        So, data should be sent to server before calculate routing information.
        Because, if they calculate their routing information before sending data to server and then send to server to save data in server
        It must be waste of computing power.

Here is my personal reasons.

     I prefer heavy server and light client app.

      1) Because I don't believe client device

        especially about memory assigning. If i update app and ask them to extend their program size to get more assigned memory for calculating.
        only few of them update their program on time.

      2) each device has different OS and different issues, and it is really hard to maintenance.

        It is why i don't prefer to make many functions in client app.
        Because it can be really difficult to suit to each different devices.
        I think the usual and robust way is that client app should work as little as possible.


